Docs: migration guides order (#9689)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/builds/index.md

	Use the <span class="navigation-hint_desktop">**navigation tree on the left**</span><span class="navigation-hint_mobile">**main menu button in the upper-left corner**</span> to navigate through CKEditor 5 Builds documentation.
</info-box>

Learn more about the {@link builds/guides/overview available pre-configured builds} or {@link builds/guides/development/custom-builds creating custom builds} and updating them on the go with the {@link builds/guides/development/dll-builds DLL webpack} solution.

> Get to know more about the {@link builds/guides/development/plugins plugins development} and the supported {@link builds/guides/frameworks/overview frameworks integrations}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get to know more about the {@link builds/guides/development/plugins plugin development} and the supported {@link builds/guides/frameworks/overview integrations with popular JavaScript frameworks}.
```

> Refer to the {@link builds/guides/migration/migration-from-ckeditor-4 CKEditor 4 migration guide} or other migration guides if you are updating your integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the {@link builds/guides/migration/migration-from-ckeditor-4 CKEditor 4 migration guide} or other migration guides if you are updating your CKEditor 5 installation.
```
